# Global Landslide Hazard Maps

https://datacatalog.worldbank.org/dataset/global-landslide-hazard-map

The Global Landslide hazard map is a gridded dataset of landslide hazard produced
at the global scale. Landslides happen around the world and have devastating
impacts on people and the built environment. To better understand the spatial
and temporal distribution of landslide hazard worldwide, the World Bank and the
Global Facility for Disaster Reduction and Recovery (GFDRR) commissioned Arup to
undertake a landslide hazard assessment at a global scale. Using a global
landslide inventory, landslide susceptibility information provided by NASA, and
an innovative machine learning model, our geohazard and risk management experts
produced a state-of-the-art quantitative landslide hazard map for the whole
world.

The dataset comprises gridded maps of estimated annual frequency of significant
landslides per square kilometre. Significant landslides are those which are
likely to have been reported had they occurred in a populated place; limited
information on reported landslide size makes it difficult to tie frequencies to
size ranges but broadly speaking would be at least greater than 100 m2. The data
provides frequency estimates for each grid cell on land between 60?S and 72?N
for landslides triggered by seismicity and rainfall. Applications of this
dataset include improved hazard screening based on frequency and severity,
consistent national, regional and global scale exposure assessment, estimates of
annual expected impact on population and the built environment.

The dataset is publicly available for download and use and it consists of 4 global map layers:

- Mean annual rainfall-triggered landslide hazard (1980 ? 2018): raster values
  represent the modelled average annual frequency of significant
  rainfall-triggered landslides per sq. km.
- Median annual rainfall-triggered landslide hazard (1980 ? 2018): raster values
  represent the modelled median annual frequency of significant
  rainfall-triggered landslides per sq. km.
- Mean annual earthquake-triggered landslide hazard: raster values represent the
  modelled average annual frequency of significant earthquake-triggered
  landslides per sq. km.
- Aggregate hazard index ranging from 1 (low) to 4 (very high) implemented in
  Thinkhazard! website (www.thinkhazard.org)

A statistical relationship was developed between recorded landslides,
susceptibility at the landslide location and daily rainfall in the prior days
and weeks. Using the relationship, the daily probability of landslide occurrence
per sq.km was estimated for the period 1980-2018. The dataset was validated
against a number of local landslide catalogs and previous studies. The model
suggests that in the order of 400,000 significant rainfall-triggered landslides
occur globally per year. The average annual number of significant
earthquake-triggered landslides is estimated to be in the order of 130,000.
Based on the analysis of simulated daily rainfall, seasonality of landslide
hazard in each country was summarized. Simulated trends in annual landslide
frequency for the period 1980-2018 indicate an increase in landslide frequency
due to changes in rainfall, particularly in southeast Asia since the mid-1990s.
Beyond this period, the effects of climate change on landslide hazard were not
explored.

## Disclaimer

The global hazard levels do not replace the need for detailed natural hazard
risk analysis and/or expert advice at local scale. While the hazard level is
scientifically determinef, there are still uncertainties in the data and
analysis. Data users should access more information by contacting relevant
national authorities, reviewing the recommended resources.

The information contained in this dataset is provided for informational purposes
only and does not constitute legal or scientific advice or service. The World
Bank makes no warranties or representations, express or implied as to the
accuracy or reliability of this tool or the data contained therein. Any use
thereof or reliance thereon is at the sole and independent discretion and
responsibility of the user. No conclusions or inferences drawn from this data
should be attributed to the World Bank group.
